##What do you want to get out of this unit/project?###List at least 3 goals.
For the Designing the UX project we are asked to create or re-design a Social Network. There are thousands of Social networks out there all for different kinds of people such as different genders,ages, hobbies and etc. Everyone has a common social network they use which is [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com) but there are some social networks for certain people such as [dating for over 60 year olds](http://www.singlesover60.co.uk).    
I have set myself 3 goals to achieve before the end off this project. Firstly I like to design however I am not at the highest level of designing (yet). I want to develop my skills on photoshop and then implement my design onto the website itself. I can improve my photoshop skills by watching videos on [Lynda](http://www.lynda.com/Photoshop-tutorials/279-0.html?utm_source=google&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=Search-Dsg-Photoshop&utm_content=FyqpI3Wn&utm_term=photoshop%20tutorials&gclid=CLzVxd7elMMCFcSWtAodojQALw), [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com) and [photoshop essentials](http://www.photoshopessentials.com)
Secondly to research. I think research is an important process to getting to a perfect product. User interface is important and without research you wont know what your customer wants or needs. For this project I plan to do research in order to get the final product that will appeal to the people using the social network. By the end of this unit I want to be able to improve my research skills.  
My final goal is to unlock my potential and show what I can actually produce and am capable of. I am not extremely confident in translating my ideas into code however I am creative and I believe I will do whatever it takes to get my design vision onto the website using whichever platform that will be most suitable for me. I want to be able to translate my design onto the website by the end of this project.

###Why are these goals important to you?

I believe that so far this course has given me a wide arange of skills that I didn't have before. I believe my design skills have improved over the year and still at a developing stage. I believe this project will allow me to further develop my design skills as I can look at a wide range of social networks and take inspiration from them. 

Social network is a big part of my life, I have accounts on 8+ Social network accounts and I believe this project is important for me. I need to show my knowledge onto paper to come up with a final social network that is missing for a certain demographic. I need to do a lot of research in order to find out what is missing and then decide on what kind of area I will go for. 

My coding skills have improved a lot over the year, I wasn't able to code a website at al when I first started however I am now more comfortable with HTML+CSS and starting learn more about JavaScript. The last project helped me a lot in order to improve my JavaScript skills however I would like to develop my JavaScript skills further. I intend to achieve my goals by practicing. Practice makes perfect right? As I want to improve my design skills, I will redesign some websites in my free time just to practice and take inspiration. In order to improve my design skills I can also look at websites that are successful and get inspiration from then. Why does the website work? What makes it work? I will consider these questions before designing a piece myself. 
In order to achieve my goal of putting my design into code, again I can practice. I will create a design on photoshop and try to create it on code. After doing this I can then try to do it with another platform in order to get myself familar with the platforms that are available to make an website. 
I am proud that I take lessons from mistakes, if I make an mistake and someone points it out to me I will learn from that mistake and when creating anything similar I will consider peoples views on previous experiences. 
###S.M.A.R.TI believe all 3 of my goals are SMART. Specific, Measurable, Achieveable, Realistic, Time bound. 
My first goal is to improve my design skills. I want to improve my design skills as a whole, from being able to indentify which colours can work with which colours to being able to design logos that will be most appropiate and professional. I can measure if I have improved or not by looking at the quality of work I produce now and compare it with the quality of work I produce towards the end of the project. This will give me a clear understanding of how my work has changed over this time period. I believe this goal is achieveable if I work at my best which I will make sure I do. I will lok at websites which are successful and take inspirations in order to help me when creating work in future. Its also Time bound, I can compare my work from start to finish however this wont be it. I will have to make progress everyday in order to reach my final goal. As I stated above in order to achieve my goals I will have to practice over and over again and see how I am progressing. 
My second goal is to improve my research skills. This is specific as I am targetting one area which is research. What kind of research? Well research from different social networks and websites that I can take inspirtation from. If a social network is successful, Why is it successful? What element of the website makes it successful? I will consider these when researching into different websites. I believe this is measurable as the kind of research I do will be proved on the work I produce. If my design isn't good enough then this will mean I haven't researched and taken inspiration from websites. I believe this is achievable, both of the goals work with each other, my first and second goal works with each other I will need to research in order to improve my design skills. I believe it is a realistic aim as we have 2 terms in order to achieve this. My design and research skills may not be perfect by the end however it will improve as time goes on. 
My third goal is to get my design into the website, so being able to translate my ideas into code. I want to learn about a wide range of platforms that will allow me to do this. My goal is measureable as I can compare my design and my final outcome, what I aimed to do at the start and what my products looks like in the end. I believe my goal is achievable, nothing is impossible, if you can see it you can create it. I want to give the user the best experience when they enter the website therefore my design will work around that. I will then have to transfer it to code using the best suitable platform. I believe my goal is realistic as I have a good knowledge on HTML and CSS and believe that I can put my design onto the website as aimed. Finally my goal is time bound as I would like to achieve my goal by the end of the project. I have set this goal and would do as much work as I can to achieve it. 
 