#Issue Mapping

For my social network I am designing, I have identified some issues in the current market. I believe there isn't a social network that combines all English football needs. It will save people time if there was a social network they visited that combined everything without having to visit forumns,football websie such as skysports and even Twitter as a lot of discussion is happening over football. 

I believe the causes for this is because Twitter and Facebook are very big social networks and people just use them to talk about football as there isn't a big football social network out there at the moment. No one has combined all features of what a football fan needs and wants so people spend a lot of time looking around different football pages and forumns. 

The things that are causing these factors to exists is that there actually isn't a football social network out there. There are sport ones in general however there isn't a football focus social network out there. People also dont want to try new social networks, they want to use social networks that they are familar with such as Facebook and Twitter. People are used to using them and posting things, its just a daily routine for some people. My social network is the next best thing for football fans. That will be there new daily routine. 

I need to do more research to find out why people use lots of football social networks/forums. Would they be happy to just use one football social network where they can find out about football and also have discussions about football or stick to using multiple different social networks/apps. 

In terms of target audience, my social network is mainly aimed at men however woman are also starting to get into football. Seeing on Twitter a lot of woman are posting posts and even argueing over football. So my app can be used by both genders however mainly targeted at men. Target audience can have an effect on my research as older men might want to stick with what they are using and just go on football websites they trust however a younger generation might be more open to try out new social networks. Young boys (14-19) like to try out new things/websites and I think they might be a market where they will be the first ones to use my socail network. Also as my social network is for all english leagues, fans from lower league clubs might use this social network straight away as there isn't anything out there for them that they use at the moment, its all targeted at premier league clubs. 

With the research I will do, I will find out why people use multiple football websites/forumns. Is it because there isn't anything out there? or is it because they prefer it this way, the fact that they are used to using multiple websites and find these websites reliable. 