##Make it like the PSD



PSD's and Websites? Expect them to be exactly the same? Nope not always, as the author describes on [MakeItLikeThePSD](http://dangovan.com/make-it-like-the-psd/). Expectations can sometimes upset people as they expect the PSD file to be exactly the same, well it can be 'as a PSD file is a picture of an website'. Another thing with photoshop documents, they can't always be the exact same due to the different screen sizes there are now, one for an mobile, Ipad and Desktop and even Desktop's have different sizes. A 13 inch macbook is a different size to 15 inch macbook. 

People use Photoshop as it's quite easy to get the hang of it. Once you get used to using it you can make your design look quite nice, its  the developer who has to deal with working around it and try match your the photoshop design. With the technology now all being design focus on mobile, its quite hard to always match the design with all the responsiveness, it might look nice on desktop however when its viewed on mobile how will it look. Another reason why people use Photoshop is because of the tools on the program. You can literally do anything with Photoshop choose different colours for different sections of the website, add text, move things around etc. 

The author states that if designers and developers worked together you can get to a better final product by using less photoshop and more code. Coding and see what works. Another solution is if designers could learn to code, then they can understand the developers and know what can be done and what can't. Getting rid of Photoshop? That will be the end of some people but I guess it will mean that more things will be done on paper!! yay back to the old days(sarcasm). 

My opinion on Photoshop-driven design process? Well I think Photoshoping your design is okay but not vital. Drawing your first vision of the site on paper would be the first stage so you know what's going where. You can code your website straight from your wireframe on paper if you feel confident on colours and know which colour can work with which. If not then you can have a go on Photoshop to get exactly what you want however like the author says dont expect your photoshop design to be directly transfered to your website as if you're printing something out. The design is a 'picture' the website is the tricky part. I use photoshop in most cases in order to familise myself with which colour goes with what and any minor changes I might take after the first stage. Sometimes what you draw on paper looks much different on web therefore Photoshop allows me to see any mistakes or any content that doesn't look like what I expected, so before coding creating your wireframe design on a PSD can be useful.  

