### ON MAGICAL SOFTWARE…

Uber-Ification interesting but powerful. Trimming down lots of forms to just visual picture buttons or lowering down info needed from 22 inputs to 4, very easy for the user and helps users get onboard straight away. I can definately relate this to my social network as I want people to get onboard straight away so I gave the option of log in with Facebook Or log in with Twitter so people can start using my social network straight away. If you wanted to register as a new user I only have 5 boxes to fill, just the basics really: username, password, confirm passsword, Email and Favourite football Team. Time is money, people haven't got patience they want to get started straight away. 

Making your application/website easy makes people use it in my opinion, having to fill in tones of data about you pushes people away from using your app. I want to get started not fill in a diary or a history man. ""Stop wasting my time, I dont have to use this, there are lots of equivalent apps out there"" some might say. Which they probably are right, every app has a similar app, a diet app, a game, step counter app EVERYTHING. The competition out there is changing from quality of product to how easily I sign up. Just let people free and let them get onto the App before they leave. 

"Customers only find your product valuable when they benefit from it" I can relate this to my app as I have a news section where people can find out about the current news, and guess what? You dont have to Register to be able to view this content, this is free stuff here just like the author states “How can I ensure that every users gets value from this product, even if they forget to log in?” well I SURELY can. 